annot: Take two cups of rice
ACTID: 0
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] two cups of rice (-1)
annot: add 3 lids of rice vinegar
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 3 lids of rice vinegar (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: mix it
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (1)
annot: Take shredded crab meat
ACTID: 3
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] shredded crab meat (-1)
annot: add some mayonnaise
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some mayonnaise (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: mix it well
ACTID: 5
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (4)
annot: Take rice mix
ACTID: 6
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] rice mix (2)
annot: spread it on seaweed
ACTID: 7
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] it (6)
[PP, food, on] seaweed (-1)
annot: Lay the crab meat on the bottom section of the roll
ACTID: 8
PRED: lay
[DOBJ, food] the crab meat (5)
[PP, food, on] the bottom section of the roll (7)
annot: also lay avocado on top of it
ACTID: 9
PRED: lay
[DOBJ, food] avocado (-1)
[PP, food, on] top of it (8)
annot: Sprinkle some sesame seeds inside
ACTID: 10
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] some sesame seeds (-1)
[PP, food, ] inside (9)
annot: Take the bottom
ACTID: 11
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the bottom (10)
annot: roll it tightly to seal the edges
ACTID: 12
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] it (11)
annot: spread rice mix on seaweed and turn it over
ACTID: 13
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] rice mix (2)
[PP, food, on] seaweed (-1)
annot: lay crab meat on the bottom of the other side
ACTID: 14
PRED: lay
[DOBJ, food] crab meat (5)
[PP, food, on] the bottom of the other side (13)
annot: place avocados and roll it tightly
ACTID: 15
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] avocados (-1)
[PP, food, on] the bottom of the other side (14)
annot: sprinkle sesame seeds on the roll
ACTID: 16
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] sesame seeds (-1)
[PP, food, on] the roll (15)